- EMILY: Jesse! You made it!
And you've lifted the internal lockdown.
- JESSE: Listen, Emily...
(SIGHS) Screw it, just tell her.
I haven't been completely honest.
I have a younger brother.
Dylan.
When we were kids, we found
an old slide projector in Ordinary landfill.
This slide created...
...doorways to other places.
Bad things happened.
...came through.
That's all she gets.
The rest stays locked inside.
But we found help.
Through one of the doorway, we...
met something.
A being.
- EMILY: A being?
What kind of being?
- JESSE: It's hard to describe, but it...
She helped us.
We managed to turn that projector off.
The bad things that
came through the doorways...
...were gone.
After that, your people came.
Tried to grab us.
I ran away.
They got Dylan.
I left him behind.
- EMILY: Bureau agents took your brother?
- JESSE: Yes.
They covered it up.
No one believed me.
I just wanna find Dylan.
I've been looking for him ever since.
- EMILY: What happened
to the slide projector?
It sounds like another Object of Power.
- JESSE: I thought you took it.
...the bureau...
...along, with Dylan.
- EMILY: Nah, I've never heard of it.
But around here, I assume
everything is classified.
I looked into the Ordinary AWE case files
after you mentioned it...
Trench and Darling were both involved.
A large area of the Containment Sector
was preserved for it.
The case says ### a long time.
I have no idea if anything's still there.
Can you tell me more about
this being you found?
- JESSE: Let's hope you two get along.
She's been with me ever since Ordinary.
In my head.
She led me to you.
I call her... Polaris.
- EMILY: As in a guiding star?
Did Polaris know about the Hiss?
If she got you in here
in spite of the lockdown.
She's very powerful.
Which may help explain your test results.
Your readings are incredible, Jesse!
Cross referencing the database, I found two matches
in Darling's old classified files.
Unfortunately, I can't access them beyond the file codes.
But one was P6 refering to a Prime Candidate
for a potential future bureau director.
This was lost years ago.
- JESSE: Dylan. Is that Dylan?
- EMILY: The other match
is on something called Hedron.
Which must be connected to these
Hedron Resonance Amplifiers somehow.
All I know is that Marshall went to the Research Sector
to secure the HRA production after the Hiss first attacked.
- JESSE: So Marshall seems like
our best lead on Dylan.
I need to go after her.
How can I get to the Research Sector?
- EMILY: Use my keycard.
The Sector Elevator will take you there.
- JESSE: Marshall is the next step.
What Emily told me, about Ordinary, my power
being connected to things in the bureau past.
I am so close to something.
Do you feel it?
Something's coming.
- AHTI: ### for a visit.
I helped you...
...you owe me now.
And when time comes...
...I will come ###.
- EMILY: Hi, Jesse.
- JESSE: I keep finding traces of Darling,
but still can't find him.
Where could he be?
- EMILY: He's usually in his office
in Research or one of his labs.
Dr. Darling has quite a few
all around the bureau.
Could be hiding in any one of them.
I checked myself but
I don't have access to most of them.
- JESSE: Sounds like a ###
He didn't let you in his labs?
- EMILY: Not all of them, no.
Some has volatile material.
(SCOFFS) Ridiculous! I mean
the whole place is volatile material.
Could've at least thought of
a more convincing lie.
How can I work without access
to all the data possible?
- JESSE: This place has a bad habit
of moving around, huh?
- EMILY: So you noticed the building shifts.
Did you know that 39% of bureau accidents
are caused by the shifts?
It's true!
I ran numbers with myself.
- JESSE: So they're dangerous?
- EMILY: Uh oh. Very!
One time, a shark got shifted into a meeting room
along with over 2000 gallons of water.
It was a tiger shark.
Darling's pet research project.
Never get what he was researching.
- JESSE: How did people work here?
You said you're an assistant?
Oh, it's just a title. I'm a scientist.
A researcher. I work for Dr. Darling.
When bureau agents go out in the field
that signs of Altered World Events...
We study the materials,
the Altered Items, they bring back.
It's always something
that we've never seen before.
Studying them requires new instruments,
methodologies, or sometimes new field of science.
- JESSE: ### really love your job.
- EMILY: See, there's no guide book
for what we do here.
Everything that happens at the bureau,
including the science, is without president.
- JESSE: What exactly is the Oceanview Motel?
- EMILY: That's a bigger question
than you might think.
You see, I have extreme doubts
that the motel a single place.
Look at all the doors inside it.
Where did they all go?
We know that one door
leads to the Oldest House but...
...how can we can only
ever open that one door?
Maybe to open a door, you have to
have entered through it.
So if every door leads to different... dimension...
plane... reality, whatever you wanna call it, then...
...I believe that the motel is a firm proof
that parallel universes exist.
- JESSE: Does Darling agree with that?
- EMILY: I haven't told him yet.
I'm waiting until I can prove it.
- JESSE: What can you tell me
about Control Points?
- EMILY: They're nexus points
of the Oldest House's unique energies.
Well, I wrote a 30-page proposal hypothesising
that we could siphon energy directly from them.
Darling didn't even get through
the first page before turning it down.
- JESSE: Right.
And um... has anyone ever used them
to teleport around?
- EMILY: What... uh... no.
You mean physically?
Then no, not that I've ever heard of.
Why?
- JESSE: Because that's how they work for me.
- EMILY: What? Really?
Oh my god!
More tests!
- JESSE: Let's hold off from the tests
until later, okay?
- EMILY: Okay... I just... wow!
This blows my Control Point theory
right out of the water!
I love it!
- JESSE: See you soon.
- EMILY: Be careful out there.